Playbooks v1 vs v2 clarifications (#7394)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/repeatable-processes.rst

.. include:: ../_static/badges/ent-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

.. important::

>   Mattermost v10 introduces Playbooks v2 which is available for all Enterprise licensed customers. Playbooks v1 will continue to be packaged for all deployments, including Team Edition and Professional on :doc:`supported Mattermost server releases </about/mattermost-server-releases>`. New playbooks features & security updates will only be added to Playbooks v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mattermost v10 introduces Playbooks v2 for all Enterprise licensed customers. New Playbooks features & security updates will only be added to Playbooks v2 moving forward; however, Playbooks v1 will be maintained for Team Edition and Professional instances running :doc:`supported v9.x Mattermost server releases </about/mattermost-server-releases>`. 
```
